README.md, before:

# |---+-> Kernel Simulator <-+---|

INFO: This kernel simulator simulates our **future** kernel that is planned by us.

NOTE: This kernel simulator _will_ continue to be developed, even if we made the real PC version of Kernel.

INFO: This kernel simulator is not a final planned version of Kernel, since it was minimal.

NOTE: It can only be Console at the moment, while we are developing a GUI for this simulator.

Kernel Simulator lets you simulate a _very_ early access for our **future** Kernel. It provides the built-in hardware
detector, log-in manager (Just adduser), and the shell.

## |-----+--> _History_ <--+-----|

Please note that dates mentioned here is for development date changes only.

**2/22/2018 - 0.0.1:** Initial release, normally, for Windows.

**3/16/2018 - 0.0.1.1:** Added "showmotd", changed a message and better checking for integer overflow on Beep Frequency.

**3/31/2018 - 0.0.2:** Code re-design, more commands, implemented basic Internet, argument system, changing password, and more changes.

## |-----+--> _Manual pages_ <--+-----|

The documentations can be found in source code of kernel simulator in `src/<platform>/<version>/Kernel Simulator/Documentation`

**Documentation - main page:** Information about Kernel Simulator, this page

**Documentation - faq:** Frequently Asked Questions for Kernel Simulator

**Documentation - contributing rules:** Conditions for contributing Kernel Simulator

**Documentation - troubleshooting:** List of known and user-reported problems

## |-----+--> _Contributors_ <--+-----|

**EoflaOE:** Owner of Kernel Simulator

**Paomedia:** Icon creator

## |-----+--> _License - GNU GPL_ <--+-----|

    Kernel Simulator - Simulates our future planned Kernel
    Copyright (C) 2018  EoflaOE

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Ready for archiving
This may re-purpose the master branch so it does not store older version files anymore.

README.md, after:

# |---+-> Kernel Simulator <-+---|

INFO: This kernel simulator simulates our **future** kernel that is planned by us.

NOTE: This kernel simulator _will_ continue to be developed, even if we made the real PC version of Kernel.

INFO: This kernel simulator is not a final planned version of Kernel, since it was minimal.

NOTE: It can only be Console at the moment, while we are developing a GUI for this simulator.

Kernel Simulator lets you simulate a _very_ early access for our **future** Kernel. It provides the built-in hardware
detector, log-in manager (Just adduser), and the shell.

## |-----+--> _About archive_ <--+-----|

This branch is an archive for older and current source codes and binaries.

## |-----+--> _History_ <--+-----|

Please note that dates mentioned here is for development date changes only.

**2/22/2018 - 0.0.1:** Initial release, normally, for Windows.

**3/16/2018 - 0.0.1.1:** Added "showmotd", changed a message and better checking for integer overflow on Beep Frequency.

**3/31/2018 - 0.0.2:** Code re-design, more commands, implemented basic Internet, argument system, changing password, and more changes.

## |-----+--> _Manual pages_ <--+-----|

The documentations can be found in source code of kernel simulator in `src/<platform>/<version>/Kernel Simulator/Documentation`

**Documentation - main page:** Information about Kernel Simulator, this page

**Documentation - faq:** Frequently Asked Questions for Kernel Simulator

**Documentation - contributing rules:** Conditions for contributing Kernel Simulator

**Documentation - troubleshooting:** List of known and user-reported problems

## |-----+--> _Contributors_ <--+-----|

**EoflaOE:** Owner of Kernel Simulator

**Paomedia:** Icon creator

## |-----+--> _License - GNU GPL_ <--+-----|

    Kernel Simulator - Simulates our future planned Kernel
    Copyright (C) 2018  EoflaOE

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
